hello brown eyes this is your eye
enhancing palette from Sephora these are
hand-picked shades to accentuate and
bring out the best for all my brown eyed
girls you can create looks that are soft
and sexy and also create looks are a
little bit more intense start by
applying photo finish lip primer wash
vanilla across the lip from lash line to
natural crease sweep resilient bronze
across upper lash line brush Navy into
crease for soft definition apply
limitless eyeliner and honored
full exposure mascara completes the look
you
the great thing about being around are
eligible any color you want not going to
be too much or too overpowering and blue
just really brings out or I can look out
yeah and I would never think the glue on
my eyes another thing that essentially
abroad and it's fun because you know
normally you're like black brown neutral
but Navy really makes approximately pop
so now that we've got our day look let's
kind of walk into something really kind
of like intense for a night apply marble
from lash line to natural crease wash
park across lid crush wine in decreased
for soft definition
apply limitless eyeliner in honors
full exposure completes the look
and voila sexy smoky eyes up there this
time you're gonna hit the winner to
going on out